My motive is to learn Java. So, from scratch I choose to learn C language first, then C++ for OOPS then java. 
My deadline to complete learning of C language is 7th of June (my birthday) as it become 20 days of learning.
Ok can't keep up with my deadline but, this time at 20th June i will definitely complete the learning of C and start normal comp coding using C.
(COMPLETED) Scroll down till end to know when i completed this course.

I Started learning C language from 18th April 2022 
Day 7: 25th April
        How to create GitHub Profile
        Functions:
                Function part was going on
                Its properties
                Types
                Passing Arguments
                Questions
                        write 2 functions - 1 to print "Hello" and second to print "goodbye"
                        A function that prints "Namaste" if user is Indian and "Bonjour" if user is French
                        Sum of a + b
                
Day 8: 26th April
                Arguments VS Parameters
                Function NOTE
                Questions
                        Print table of n given by user
                        GST
                        Use library function to calculate the square of a number given by user
                        Find area of square, circle and rectangle
        Recursion:
                Method learning
                Qestions
                        Print Hello 5 times using recursion
                        Sum of n natural numbers
Day 9: 27th April
                Properties
                Questions
                        Factorial of n
                        A function to convert celsius to fahrenheit and vice - versa
Day 10: 28th April
                Questions
                        A function to calculate % of a student from marks in science, math and sanskrit.
                        A function to print n terms of FIBONACCI sequence. (kinda feel hard)
Day 11: 29th April
                Practising of Recursion Questions
                        Re Fibonacci Sequence in loop and recursive (took me 2:30+ hrs to understand the concept)
                        Print 50 natural numbers using recursion 
                        and much more...
Day 12: 30th April
                Been practsing recursion but can't able to properly concentrate, still I tried not to waste today's day but failed!
                (personal life sh!t).
Day 13: 31st April
                Focused on understanding recursion's concept or logic and not on creating it.
                Questions
                        A function to find sum of digits of a number in Recursive 
Day 14: 1st June
                Questions
                        A function to find sum of digits of a number in normal loop function.
Day 15: 2nd June
                Questions
                        Pow function program
                        A function to find square root of a number (continue...)
                        
30th April - 3rd June, were my low time (not in terms of mood but because of relatives in my f#king home) and only gave around 1-2 hrs of study. Daang it!
3rd June: Repairing my Bike from last 3 days and its completed.

Day 16: 4th June
                Questions
                        Square root function completed
Day 17: 5th June
                Questions
                        A function that print "Hot" or "Cold" depends on the temperature user enters.
        Pointers                        
Day 18: 6th June
                Declaring Pointers
                Format Specifiers
                
7th June: Celebrated my Birthday

Day 19: 8th June
                Pointers to Pointers
                Pointers in Function call
                        Call by Value and Call by reference
                Questions
                        Print value of I from its pointer to pointer
                        Square of number using both call by value and call by reference
                        Swap 2 numbers a and b using both call by value and call by reference.
Day 20: 9th June
        Arrays
                Input and Output
                Initialization of Array
                Pointer Arithmetic
                Questions
                        A function to calculate the sum, product and average of 2 numbers. Print that average in main function.
                        A program to find maximum number between two numbers using a pointer.
                        A program to enter price of 3 items and print their final cost with GST.
Day 21: 10th June
                Array is Pointer
                Traverse an Array
                Array as Function argument
                Multidimensional Array
                Questions
                        Enter 5 inputs and then show the input
                        Print all alphabets
                        2 Students and their 3 subject marks to be stored in an array
                        A function to count the number of odd numbers in an array
Day 22: 11th June   (was sick today but tried to complete Arrays and did completed)
                Questions
                        A function to reverse array
                        A program to store the first n fibonacci numbers
                        A 2D array storing tabls of 2 and 3.

12th June Sunday        Gave myself some time for rest and to recover my mental energy.

Day 23: 13th June
        Strings
                what happen in memory
                String format specifier
                String functions
                String using Pointers
                Standard library functions
                Questions
                        Create a string firstName and lastName to store details of user and print all the characters using a loop
                        Ask the user to enter their firstName and print it back to them
                                Try this with thier fullName.
                        Make a program that inputs user's name and prints its length.
                        Take a string input from the iser using %c.
                        Salting
                                Find the salted form of a password entered by user if the salt is "123" and added at the end.
                        A function named slice, which takes a string and return a sliced string from index n to m.

14th June: Been into something else.

Day 24: 15th June
        Structures
                2 different data types: pre-defined or library data type and User defined
                Structure in memory
                Array of Structure
                Questions
                        A function to count the occurence of vowels in a string
                        Check if a given character is present in a string or not.
                        A program to store the data of 3 students.
Day 25: 16th June
                Initialization of Structure
                Pointers to structure
                Arrow Operator
                Passing structure to function
                typedef keyword
                Questions
                        Enter address (house no, block, city, state) of 5 people
                        A structure to store vectors. Then make a function to return sum of 2 vectors.
                        A structure to store complex numbers using arrow operator
                        You have to store the marks of 30 students in class. what will you use?
                                Array of 10 floats (1)
                                Structure
Day 26: 17th June
        File input output
                Operation on file
                Types of file
                How to access file
                Reading from a file
                writing from a file
                Read and write a character: fgetc(fptr) and fputc(fptr)
                EOF - End of File
                Questions
                        A program to input student information from a user and enter it to a file.
                        A program to write all odd numbers from 1 to n in a file
                        2 numbers a and b are written in file. write a program to replace them with their sum.
Day 27: 18th June
        Dynamic Memory Allocation
                Functions in DMA
                        malloc()
                        calloc()
                        free()
                        realloc()
                Questions
                        A program to allocate memory to store 5 prices
                        A program to allocate memory of size n, where n is entered by the user
                        Free the memory allocated with calloc or malloc.
                        Alloate memory for 5 numbers then dynamically increase it to 8 numbers.
                        Create an array of size 5 (using calloc) and enter its value from the user.
                        Allocate memory to store first 5 odd numbers, then reallocate it to store first 6 even numbers.
                        
18th May 2022 - 18th June 2022 = It took me almost a month of 30 days to complete this course. Not entirely 30 days as few days i wasn't learning 
and already mentioned in this repository note.
Link from where I was learning: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irqbmMNs2Bo&list=PLc4t1vRMEeODRJB56oA7Jxp3HZVmgQbWy&index=62&t=749s

Its time for me to do some revision and competitve coding for better grip in this language after only then i will start learning C++ just for the sake of OOPS
concept and then will learn JAVA as this language is my Goal!

I will create another repository for another learnings and also I need to learn more about this GitHub.

THANK YOU IF YOU ARE READING THIS AND HAVE A NICE FUTURE AHEAD!
